README.md, before:

# Welcome to an Azure Communication Services Calling Widget Sample

<img src='./media/sample-splash-home.png' width='1000'>

This project is aimed to teach developers on how to create a Calling Widget using the Azure Communication UI Library.

Depending on your needs, you might need to create an experience for your customers to be able to get a hold of you with minimal setup on their part.
Calling Widget is a tool that is meant for allowing instant interaction, whether that is reaching out to customer support, having a quick call with your financial advisor, or other customer facing teams. The goal of this sample is to help make you one click away from your customers.

## Try It Out

To just run the completed code, In the project directory, run:

### `npm run setup`

### Swap placeholders for identifiers
Go to the `server` folder and find the `appsettings.json` file.
replace all values here for you Azure communication Services resouce and Teams voice apps.

### Run the application

In the project directory, run:

### `npm run start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Your applications server will be running on [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

Commit message:

add missing files for OSS

README.md, after:

# Welcome to an Azure Communication Services Calling Widget Sample

<img src='./media/sample-splash-home.png' width='1000'>

This project is aimed to teach developers on how to create a Calling Widget using the Azure Communication UI Library.

Depending on your needs, you might need to create an experience for your customers to be able to get a hold of you with minimal setup on their part.
Calling Widget is a tool that is meant for allowing instant interaction, whether that is reaching out to customer support, having a quick call with your financial advisor, or other customer facing teams. The goal of this sample is to help make you one click away from your customers.

## Try It Out

To just run the completed code, In the project directory, run:

### `npm run setup`

### Swap placeholders for identifiers
Go to the `server` folder and find the `appsettings.json` file.
replace all values here for you Azure communication Services resouce and Teams voice apps.

### Run the application

In the project directory, run:

### `npm run start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Your applications server will be running on [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

**Trademarks** This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow Microsoft’s Trademark & Brand Guidelines. Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship. Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party’s policies.
